so doing an unboxing this is the package
right here this is the infamous package
right here you do not understand how
long he wants to order for this website
probably over a year now not knowing how
to order from it
when you go online everything is
Japanese you translated everything in
from Japanese you find out the
dealership in Japan so I find this guy
at Twitter pyro something something
something something some I'll put his
Twitter down below he hooked me up I
message in I'm like yo I want these
shirts and get it for me like yeah sure
no problem
here's the price for all the shirts
here's a package and ever so nicely
leave me a tip for doing this work I'm
like yeah sure no problem so I paid for
the shirts I paid his little tip I paid
for the shipping and two and athletes
later I got the package there's two
strips in here and one special little
thing it's any friggin awesome freaking
of market out like Hanna's I'm seeing it
I'm reading this stuff on Twitter
talking about the Hell itself
oh man break it out break of a Nana's
about Goldman's package here we go right
here alive on my here we go here it's
like a big bag like you're at a grocery
store right here let's go let's check
this out what I'm getting
what are you gonna get on the first
first shirt official news patch new
Japan versus if not uh this is not fake
right here oh man but if the mists shirt
the bully club shirt right here this the
official uh new Japan logo 3000 yen
thirty dollars American full Eclipse
shirt the one of a hundred probably like
a hundred and one more people own that
shirt in all of North America
what else
item number two oh we got it
the Okada sure the reading shirt that
same shirt that I met a Casa chica Okada
and Rainmaker 3,000 yen right there
probably one of the only one of two
people who owned this shirt in all of
North America
look at that reading shirt right there
same shirt meadow caught in I didn't
know what what sure I wanted back from
Okada so I bought the shirt that I met
him and what what he was wearing when I
met him so I got it marking out that's
two shirts last but not least a little
special item look at this look at this
this is the rain maker note pad check
that out did this cost $10 look at that
what is this it looks like rain maker
money in a notepad let's see how this
looks
live unboxing right here I King gets
open how do I open this thing open this
contraption I don't want to rip anything
all right we got this open I guess
there's a brown little tape around it
all right here we go look at this
freakin Okada notepad oh look at this
it's like Okada money except in a
notepad it's pretty cool and then at the
end of it you get a official Okada $100
hundred thousand dollar bill and then in
it it's like a Okada notepad versus
Rainmaker money look at that check that
out it's pretty sweet I have read make
your money for life I'll never need a
buy never need to get another dollar of
a Rainmaker money right there they ever
meet Oh caught again which hopefully I
will wonder these days I'm gonna get him
to sign one of these things freakin
sweet three notepads this I'm never
needed by Reimer come money again freeze
mark it out like bananas like freaking
badass push out a banana right now
eating it mark it out three pounds ten
bucks for this the one thing I regretted
getting was the bully Club Bend Ana
I'll be my new gimmick yeah when I go to
shows where the bullet Club shirt weer
the bullet club bandana
sit when you get and there you have it
that's my New Japan Pro Wrestling order
bullet club skirt Rainmaker old Cotter
shirt like to my fav one of my favorite
groups in wrestling today like one of my
favorite wrestlers in wrestling today
both of their shirts I'm happy I got
everything I got Rainmaker now I didn't
just get one I thought it was a come
with one
it comes with three three two these
things look at that $10 what a steal
look at that rain make your money for
days for days oh it's crazy my next
order probably be in a month or so
probably get it though that bandana
probably some other I'll caught emerge
and some other exclusive t-shirts only
sold in Japan so there you have it
there's my new Japan of boxing here's
some bum rap I'm probably gonna play
with those little five minutes or so you
know who doesn't like play with bubble
wrap thank you - what's his face sorry
pyro something on Twitter I'll put his
link down below just give him a shout if
you want a new Japan merch they'll ship
it to you it takes two and a half weeks
I paid Memorial Day weekend that Friday
I paid for my stuff and he sent it off
the following Tuesday and today's
Tuesday announced two weeks later all
the way from Tokyo Japan I'm not gonna
give his address away because I will
knock you - or somewhere so there you
have it there you go
pretty mark it out like bananas
BAM